hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed today we're going to look at
the story of clana who just couple of
days ago released a very fascinating
data that showed the impact that AI is
having on an aspect of their
business and at the end of the video I'm
going to show you a new business model
that has been created for me not going
to be much good to you it's quite
interesting but it's perfectly aligned
to me but I'm going to sort of show you
that because I want to show you deeper
opportunity that exists based on the
news that came out today what is this
going to mean as other companies start
seeing this sort of news and who's going
to meet the demand so that's the
questions I have for you today so let's
go take a look at what's uh what I'm
talking about here for those who don't
know clner is a credit company that
partners with online shopping networks
uh and and
websites essentially they give credit
they're doing 2 million transactions a
day across 45 countries and they have
been triing an AI assistant to handle
what must be a massive flood of queries
and phone calls my
goodness and after one month their new
AI assistant handled 2third of their
entire customer service chats which is
impressive in itself when you look at
the number it's 2.3 million
conversations in a month this AI what an
incredible technology for it to be able
to handle 2.3 million conversations for
kinet the equivalent work folks of
700 full-time agents well those agents
can kiss their jobs goodbye I don't mean
to be um lack empathy here I certainly
do care a lot about this and that's a
huge
number but it's a bellweather it's an
indicator of what is to come and we need
to have our eyes open we need to see
what's going to happen and this is a
good clue all right because what do you
think's going to happen to those 700
people especially when you see what it
means in dollars okay it's and here's
the kicker unfortunately for those
people this delivered a similar
satisfaction score as they did it
dropped 25% the number of repeating
quiries they have and it took the
average time from 11 minutes to solve a
query down to 2 minutes which is
incredible and they rolled it out across
2 three of their 45 countries 35
different languages but look at this
it's estimated to drive a $40 million
USD profit in improvements this year so
that chatbot is going to save them $40
million now folks what do you think is
going to happen when Mr business owner
or
CEO uh picks up a Wall Street Journal
sees that kind of article and they go
wow we need that for
ourselves where are they going to go
who's there to meet that demand and then
as they start doing that all the little
businesses will be scrambling to keep up
they're going to be looking for AI
services and this is just one area
chatbots there's many other areas you've
got marketing you've got business
optimization uh huge uh you got
structural uh human resource uh
applications AI can solve every part of
business and do all the heavy lifting as
you can see with what client has done
with their customer service chatbot
that's handling 23s 2.3 million of their
conversations incredible in just a month
so folks what does that mean for you and
me well we're not working for cler we're
not working in call centers we're safe
for now but it does show you that when
disruption happens this is what AI will
do it's not going to be gradual that
company isn't going to gradually lay off
700 people are they they're going to go
oh wow we don't need those 700 people
instant cut now what happens when 100
200 a th000 10,000 big organizations
start doing this okay we start to see
what's going to happen but look enough
people talk about the negatives we will
have new Industries pop up there will be
replacement jobs in fact you know what
we've been working on now is a solution
to this in a way and that is those
personalized business models based on my
context document which I can't stop
talking about I'm so sorry but not at
all because it is powerful it is a
revolutionary literally can't believe I
get to say those words um but at the end
of the day we've got a handson a
methodology using AI to personalize
business models to us and I'm going to
show you mine to show you what all this
means let me jump in this is uh you know
there's going to be so many businesses
that are going to need these Services
someone has to be there to meet that
demand and it could be you
now yeah the thing is with this business
model that I'm going to show you this is
what was personalized to me based on my
context document based on my strengths
based on the way I'm wired and this was
the the business model that was
perfectly tailored to me so I'm happy to
show it I'm not giving this out Beyond
showing it in this
video uh but what it will show you is
the power of a personalized business
model in this one it's it's pretty
powerful so BAS basically um I don't
think I'm releasing this maybe if enough
of you beg me I'll consider it but I
we'll see so this is a for me you know
my I'm very value le as you know so I
believe in value and I believe in
community and that's where I'm investing
a lot of my time is building this stuff
so it the the AI took my context
document which included the values that
I have there and all this information
and um it understood that I wanted to
harness my existing Community it
understood the power of H value content
HC which you you know you'll hear a lot
about me when we talk about content
generation and then automation for
efficiency because I don't want to be a
slave to a process it's not the way I'm
wired so here's the Whiteboard version
folks okay that's uh right so this is it
mapped out we start here on the left
with Community we provide high value
content uh and then we provide free day
one to our business course so this is
all pre plann this is the model I'm
following and it is so good because I
want something authentic I need
something that delivers insane value so
that when people pay money for our paid
programs they feel like they've got a
bargain and they feel like the value
they receive greatly outweighs the price
he ever paid so that's the
win-win and then I actually fed this
folks into
co-pilot and uh okay I used uh canvas
magic Studio to edit the text I've got a
YouTube video on that I'll pop the link
below uh shows you how to fix all the
ticks when it does something cool like
this but yeah really really cool uh to
give me a visual but essentially let me
walk you through it um so this is how my
business model Works start with high
value
content engage a community group right
all value Le all authentic it's so me I
can't believe I get to do this every day
this is what I get to do they created a
business model where I get to do all the
stuff love and it's so automated I don't
do any of the stuff I really don't like
I just get to create amazing content so
the lead magnet is you know we for the
business launch well we want to give
people a free taste we want them to
understand the power of the context
document which we cover in day one and
of course that is a a legitimate
framework that's powered by AI we
provide the whole free framework in fact
folk look look over here gosh it's
coming I've over zoomed this is uh day
one okay I'm going to give that to you
free that's in the links below the
important thing about this is not only I
be sure I give you the framework not
only do I do that though how it all
works together uh because you know how
do you create these sort of business
models and then what you really want is
this context document link and the
walkth through that explains how to
build it it's a Cornerstone document
it's having dramatic impact on the
people that have already been through
our business launch seven days uh and
outputs are really amazing um in terms
of that personalization and as I said
coming back to my business model what I
like most about it is I don't need a a
landing page I don't need any landing
pages so we create Google Docs like the
free launch uh free day one and then if
people want to continue because they
want it and they need it or they see
value in it then there's an option for
them to go there so they get to try
before they buy uh gets rid of any
objections builds that trust and also so
um we've already validated and it works
quite well which is important I had a
feeling it was going to work when I sort
of planned it out with the AI but it's
it's very very good so what I like about
it is no complicated website or funnel
builds got a simplified checkout just
send you to a checkout has some of the
information and testimonials to just
reinforce it uh so you know you're
making a good decision but then the
entire program is delivered
automatically and then we have a private
business Community where I'm there and
active and people can talk to me and ask
questions and get support so you get the
best of both worlds you get the support
uh through the community plus uh it's
automated so you can follow it through
at your own pace and it you know every
day you get an email sends you to a
worksheet I use Google Docs send them to
a Vimeo there's no expensive software
apart from active Campaign which
delivers the whole
system then there's cross- selling
opportunities when I bring out the
personal development stuff if people
want to access those and again high
value that's the key to what I do it's
got to be worth the money I charge for
it if not 10 10 times more and then look
my model if you have a look here even
has the option for an upsell but you
know I'm not really wanting to do
one-on-one stuff um done it in the past
I can make a lot of money doing it but
money is not my core driver here folks
so yeah Community nurture that's is
nurture educate show what's possible and
get them to experience what's possible
so they're confident enough to pick up
your lead magnet and your high value
content is how you build that
confidence so yeah folks that is the
business
model that was built for me anyway with
what CL has done today uh I guarantee
more people will start uh wanting to
invest in these Services look if you're
looking for uh you know you're like well
I'm not technical what about chat Bots
have a talk to Jeremy handland he has
Autobots absolutely cool company and you
can white label you can add that to your
repertoire that you're selling as an AI
service and you can put little uh
customer service chat Bots into these
companies or on their websites anyway
folks I'm going to be talking a lot more
about opportunity because what's the
point in having this amazing technology
uh if we don't learn how to harness it
to move ourselves forward and when we
move ourselves forward our families our
communities and the people we care about
move forward too so folks this may not
be everybody's cup of tea but I tell you
having a personalized business model
that you get to do the stuff you love
I've never seen anything like it and
it's only possible at least from my
perspective or for what it's done for me
uh because AI has bridged a lot of the
gaps that I had that I would never have
overcome so at the risk of waffling
that's Thursday's video done I'll see
you again tomorrow to close out the week
peace